FIP-0086: Specify power table scaling & comm tree (#983)
filecoin-project/FIPs: FIPS/fip-0086.md

}

type ECTipset struct {

>   Epoch uint64

Author: drive by

  Tipset []CID // Tipset key, a canonical array of a tipset's block header CIDs.
  PowerTable CID // Commitment to resulting power table.

>   Commitements [32]byte // Root of a merke-tree containing additional commitements, defaults to 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Commitments [32]byte // Root of a Merkle tree containing additional commitments, defaults to 0.
```

#### Predicates and functions used in the protocol

* `Power(p | P) ∈ [0x0000, 0xffff]`
    * Returns the relative QAP of participant $p$ in EC as an integer in the range `[0x0000, 0xffff]`, defined by the power table corresponding to $baseChain$.
    * If $p$ is a set of participants, the returned value is $\sum_{p\prime \in p} \texttt{Power}(p\prime | P)$. That is, the sum of the $\texttt{Power}$ of the participants in the set.

>     * Otherwise, the returned value is a fraction of the total QAP of all participants in the power table scaled to an integer in the range $[0, 2^16)$, rounded down ($\lfloor (2^16-1) \times \texttt{QAP}(p) / \texttt{QAP}(P) \rfloor$).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Otherwise, the returned value is a fraction of the total QAP of all participants in the power table scaled to an integer in the range $[0, 2^{16})$, rounded down ($\lfloor (2^{16}-1) \times \texttt{QAP}(p) / \texttt{QAP}(P) \rfloor$).
```
